all right now it's time for some I've
been looking forward to this all week
Monday night on the show I issued a new
YouTube challenge and the challenge was
I'd like you to sneak up on your kids
while they're playing fort night the
kids are nuts for this fortnight and
turn off the TV and many of you answered
and with that said here are the results
of hey Jimmy Kimmel I turned off the TV
during fortnight
[Music]
say hi jimmy kimmel alternate loan yeah
what do you do or die TV what are you
doing go cook what do you want out of
your mind
[Applause]
[Music]
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel and I am not allowed
to eat this cookie until you click the
subscribe button so please click now I'm
hungry